Equality, dignity, and justice for people
impacted by the criminal legal system are
among the core values of Southern Center for
Human Rights.
The organization actively upholds these principles
through its unwavering commitment
to shaping a world free from mass incarceration, the
death penalty, the criminalization of poverty,
and racial injustice.
SCHR’s continued dedication is in hopes
of the legal system not being used as a tool
to concentrate power and control, but as an
instrument of true justice by which individuals
and communities remain accountable to each
other.Considering more than 525,000 people
are either incarcerated, on probation, or
on parole in Georgia, Georgia has the highest
rate of correctional supervision in the country.
As SCHR acknowledges these truths SCHR’s
addressment of mass incarceration is the role
as a support system in the journey after reentry.
With that, we invitie you to take further
action in the fight against mass incarceration
by attending SCHR’s upcoming event The Movement
to End Mass Incarceration: The Importance
of Centering the Voices, Experience & Leadership
of Formerly Incarcerated People
Ultimately, SCHR invites you to join them
in a fight for a world free from mass incarceration,
the death penalty,
the criminalization of poverty, and racial injustice.
Your participation is crucial in shaping
a more just and equitable society.